Now tokens will be detected for proxies. (#5178)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`-` Uniswap V3 oracle will now correctly skip assets with no liquidity when querying prices.
* :bug:`2934` Users will now be able to deploy the docker image on a subpath instead of the root domain.
* :bug:`-` Fix an edge-case problem with synchronizing database with the server.

> * :bu:`5148` Now tokens will be detected for proxies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`5148` Users will now see tokens detected for accounts having a DSProxy
```
